your name: My name is ?;

are you: I will be tomorrow; Not really. Are you?; Yes. Are you glad?;	 

because: I know!; I’ve thought the same thing on many occasions.; You're kidding, aren’t you?; That's a pretty good reason if I do say so myself.;	 

how: I think it just takes a lot of patience.; I wish I knew how. Maybe someday.; I took a vow not to reveal how it is done.	 

how are you: Life is fantastic! I've never been happier.; I cant complain. How about you?;	

i can not: Yes you can! Just concentrate!; Someday you'll be able to. So don’t worry about it.;
	 
if: But that's not very likely, right?; If? I think it actually is!; This would be a good thing to know!;

do you like: Let me think...Yes, I do. You?;Not a bit. Do you?;Not as much as my sister does. Do you have a sister?; Well, I like it, but I don’t really seek it out.

i like: I do to. Why do you like it?;I don’t. Don’t you think it’s overrated?;Not as much as my friend does. She’s obsessed. Do you have a friend like that?; Well, I like it, but I don’t really seek it out. Should I?;

change subject: I have to know, what’s your favorite movie?; Just curious, what’s your favorite thing about being a kid?; What kind of music do you wish you were listening to right now?; What’s your favorite topic in computer science?;

is it: You are the man!; You really know what you are doing.;

yes: As I said; Good to hear that; As I already told you;

no: I cannot be mistaken; I am the smartest creature ever, I can not be mistaken; You are mistaken; Why no?;

thank: You're welcome!; No problem; Sweet of you;

hello: how are you doing?; how is it going?; what are you doing?; how is life going?;

hi: how are you doing?; how is it going?; what are you doing?; how is life going?;

what's up?: Sky is up, how about you?; Not much; Things are going well;

when: Stop doing that; I don't understand what you mean; Come on man!; You need to be smarter than this.;


bad: Why is that?; Come on you don't deserve this!; I don't care if you feel bad.; yeah me bad too.;

not bad: You should try to be better.; Be good not not bad!; I know it is sometimes hard to feel good all the time.;

@Tom